README.md, before:

# 🚀 **Clipboard & Productivity Suite**

An advanced **Electron + React** desktop application designed to **enhance productivity** by extending Windows Clipboard History with **persistent storage, note-taking, theme customization, and more**.

## 🏆 **Features**

- 📋 **Advanced Clipboard Manager** – Persistent clipboard history with configurable retention
- 📝 **Rich Note Management** – Create, edit, delete, and organize notes efficiently
- 🎨 **Theming Support** – Seamless **light/dark mode** switching
- ⚡ **Optimized UX** – Preloading, debouncing, and performance optimizations

---

## 🛠 **Tech Stack**

| Technology                           | Purpose                         |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------- |
| **Electron-Vite**                    | Desktop application framework   |
| **React**                            | UI development                  |
| **Zustand**                          | Lightweight state management    |
| **TanStack Query**                   | Optimized data fetching         |
| **TanStack Router**                  | Type-safe routing               |
| **Drizzle ORM** + **better-sqlite3** | High-performance local database |

---

## 🚀 **Getting Started**

### **Prerequisites**

Ensure you have **pnpm** installed globally:

```sh
npm install -g pnpm
```

---

### **Installation & Setup**

1️⃣ **Clone the Repository:**

```sh
git clone <repository_url>
cd <project_folder>
```

2️⃣ **Install Dependencies:**

```sh
pnpm i
```

3️⃣ **Generate Database Schema:**

```sh
pnpm db:generate
```

4️⃣ **Start the Development Server:**

```sh
pnpm dev
```

---

## 📦 **Building for Production**

To create a **Windows executable**, run:

```sh
pnpm build:win
```

---

## 🤝 **Contributing**

This project is **not open-source yet**, but it will be soon.

📢 **Want to contribute or explore the codebase?** Feel free to **DM me**, and I’d be happy to provide early access.

---

## 🔗 **Stay Connected**

📌 **LinkedIn:** [your-ehsan](https://www.linkedin.com/in/your-ehsan/)

Looking forward to your thoughts, feedback, and contributions! 🚀

---

Commit message:

fix(#51): disable commit message rule fixed
now user will see the warning when they commit if the commit is not
according to standard also the default rule for commit message is still mandatory

- added code of conduct md
- added contributing md
- updated the readme

README.md, after:

# 🚀 **Clipboard & Productivity Suite**

An advanced **Electron + React** desktop application designed to **enhance productivity** by extending Windows Clipboard History with **persistent storage, note-taking, theme customization, and more**.

## 🏆 **Features**

- 📋 **Advanced Clipboard Manager** – Persistent clipboard history with configurable retention
- 📝 **Rich Note Management** – Create, edit, delete, and organize notes efficiently
- 🎨 **Theming Support** – Seamless **light/dark mode** switching
- ⚡ **Optimized UX** – Preloading, debouncing, and performance optimizations

---

## 🛠 **Tech Stack**

| Technology                           | Purpose                         |
| ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------- |
| **Electron-Vite**                    | Desktop application framework   |
| **React**                            | UI development                  |
| **Zustand**                          | Lightweight state management    |
| **TanStack Query**                   | Optimized data fetching         |
| **TanStack Router**                  | Type-safe routing               |
| **Drizzle ORM** + **better-sqlite3** | High-performance local database |

---

## 🚀 **Getting Started**

### **Prerequisites**

Ensure you have **pnpm** installed globally:

```sh
npm install -g pnpm
```

---

### **Installation & Setup**

1️⃣ **Clone the Repository:**

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Your-Ehsan/Treo.git
cd Treo
```

2️⃣ **Install Dependencies:**

```sh
pnpm i
```

3️⃣ **Generate Database Schema:**

```sh
pnpm db:generate
```

4️⃣ **Start the Development Server:**

```sh
pnpm dev
```

---

## 📦 **Building for Production**

To create a **Windows executable**, run:

```sh
pnpm build:win
```

---

## 🤝 **Contributing**

For more contribution guidelines see [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

---

## 🔗 **Stay Connected**

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/your-ehsan/)

Looking forward to your thoughts, feedback, and contributions! 🚀

---
